feat: Declare a DevContainer for easy onboarding (#11844)
angular/material: docs/guides/BUILD.md

* Open Dev Tools and debug...

### <a name="devcontainer"></a> VS Code DevContainer

When using [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) as a development environment, you can [develop inside a container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) to allow for a predefined environment in which AngularJS Material code is being built.

To use the DevContainer environment defined for AngularJS Material, just open the project in VS Code and you should be prompted to use the container automatically, if you have [Remote Development extension pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.vscode-remote-extensionpack) installed.

> When you first try to open the project in the container, VS Code will build the container (this can take a while) and then make our source code available to it. When we build the documentation in the container and serve it through `gulp site`, the port will automatically be forwarded and the documentation will be available on your local development machine on http://localhost:8080.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first try to open the project in the container, VS Code will build the container (this can take a while) and then make our source code available to it. When we build the documentation in the container and serve it through `npm run docs:watch`, the port will automatically be forwarded and the documentation will be available on your local development machine on http://localhost:8080.
```

Reviewer: We don't really want to refer directly to `gulp` commands anymore. I'll open a PR soon to clean up this guide.

Reviewer: PR here: https://github.com/angular/material/pull/11880
